       ___                 _____ ____  ____  ____
      / _ \ _ __   ___ _ _|_   _/ ___||  _ \| __ )
     | | | | '_ \ / _ \ '_ \| | \___ \| | | |  _ \
     | |_| | |_) |  __/ | | | |  ___) | |_| | |_) |
      \___/| .__/ \___|_| |_|_| |____/|____/|____/
           |_|    The modern time series database.

This repo contains the public website and documentation
for OpenTSDB, found at [link](http://opentsdb.net "http://opentsdb.net").

# Contribute

## Main Site

The main site pages are generated by a Makefile that takes a list of 
content files and applies headers and footers. To modify the main site
files, *only* edit files found in the `content` directory. After making
your modifications, run `make` and the `.html` files in the root directory
should have been updated. Commit your changes and submit a pull request
to have them merged.

The main site is super simple and just uses straight HTML and the
Bootstrap library in an attempt to make it a little less ugly.

**Note:** Changes made directly to the HTML pages but not the `.content`
files may disappear the next time code is updated.

## Documentation

To generate the documentation, another Makefile (provided via Sphinx) is
used create the HTML files from ReStructuredText files. The source files
are found in `docs/source`. Please only edit the `.rst` files. Install
Sphinx using your favorite Python package manager, then from the `docs` 
directory run `make html`. Verify your updates appeared properly in the 
generated HTML output using `python -m SimpleHTTPServer`, commit your 
changes and send us a PR.

**Note:** Changes made directly to the HTML pages but not the `.rst`
files may disappear the next time code is updated.